[Song]
[Laughter]
[Applause]
[Song]
Lullaby in the gentle melody, resounding in the
room of the beautiful Tiantan.
Tired of the lion sword, he fled to the city of Tatdakdan Kai. He woke up, feeling sorry for
himself, probably late at night,
like,
stretching his shoulders and sticking to the ground
[Song] Little
bird Hong, the gang of sung
taunts, easy matter, trying to slay the lion sword.
Taste the hot, beautiful rice stalks above the straw-making machine,
like a
tiger, a simple matter, a sword, a lion's back.   The
elephant is hot, its vagina is fragrant and beautiful
[Song]
[Song] [
Laughter]
[Song]
[Laughter]
People in Kungkung
[Song]
Hong Heng, named Tian Tam, the lord
Let the lion's sword be good, cut the star, let the media,
society, and
self-inflicted wounds be broken.
[Song] [Song
]
[Song]
Hot, fragrant, beautiful vagina,
driving away like a
yellow tiger, dark sky.
Try the hot tea first, then go deep, [ __ ] you
[song]. Make the
sky dark
[song]
[laughter]